There will be two inputs that are sent from off-chain into our protocol for protocol payments:

1. The amount of tokens that a protocol is paying block-by-block
2. The $ value of the tokens a protocol is paying block-by-block

These values will be updated once a week (for gas efficiency) to ensure the amount of tokens a protocol is paying is roughly in line with the % fee charged on the $ value being covered. Because the token a protocol is paying with (maybe their governance token) will likely be different from the tokens in the protocol’s smart contracts that we are covering, it’s likely that a protocol’s payment will not perfectly match what we are intending to charge the protocol (on behalf of our stakers) as the currencies fluctuate over the course of the week. If the ratio moves off target in either direction by +/- 10%, we will trigger a mid-week update to make sure the per-block payment is in line again.

#### Examples of mid-week updates
If the protocol payment token has a negative 10% move relative to the tokens we are covering for that protocol, our stakers are not getting fully compensated for the risk they are taking. If a protocol payment token has a positive 10% move against the tokens we are covering, then a protocol is paying too much relative to what we intend to charge them. These token price moves will be automatically monitored off-chain and a script will update the protocol payment amount (both the amount and $ value fields) on-chain if the prices diverge by a pre-defined threshold (+/- 10% or something). This also applies to TVL. If we come to an agreement with a protocol to cover a certain pool for them (instead of a $ amount) and the TVL of that pool changes by a material amount due to a whale staking/withdrawing, then we will update the protocol payment amount to account for the increased or decreased TVL.
