# Pricing

Before Sherlock initiates coverage on a protocol, a security assessment is conducted to determine the price of that coverage. A big part of this assessment will be determined by the coverage agreements drafted with the protocol. Sherlock will outline the different types of risks that can be covered \(smart contract bugs, oracle manipulation, etc.\) and give protocols some indication of the pricing for each type of coverage relative to other risks/criteria. Then protocols will choose exactly the types of risk they want coverage for and the types of risk they don’t want coverage for. We will also agree on a deductible amount with the protocol.

**Side note on protocol deductibles:** The deductible is simply a USD value of money the protocol agrees to set aside \(outside of Sherlock\) to compensate for hacks. This process may become a dynamic calculation to decide on the protocol premium that week. But early on, protocols will likely commit to a fixed USD value deductible. And Sherlock will increase a protocol's premium if the deductible ends up going below the USD value they committed to.

Once the criteria a protocol would like coverage for is established and a deductible amount agreed on, the initial security assessment is conducted to decide the starting price for coverage. The security assessment will technically never "end" because Sherlock security experts will be incentivized to keep protocols safe over time. This means that the price charged to protocols may fluctuate over time as a protocol takes actions that make it less risky or more risky. Hopefully the security team will be working closely with protocols to instill more robust development practices over time which will lower those protocols’ premiums over time as well.

