One of the cruxes of the Sherlock protocol design is the alignment between stakers and security analysts. This alignment is seen in many other "financial" designs such as venture capital firms or hedge funds. In Sherlock's case, stakers are “LPs” who are not experts in a given field but have capital they want to deploy. Security analysts are like “hedge fund analysts” who have an expertise in a certain field but don’t have the same level of capital or risk profile as LPs. The way these two parties coordinate in a traditional finance setup is through something like a “2 and 20” model, where analysts allocate the LP capital and receive 20% of the gains and 2% of the total value of the capital every year. The terms of that model are a bit rich (even by hedge fund standards today) but Sherlock has taken after the spirit of this cooperation.

For full-time security analysts on the team, Sherlock will pay a moderate salary so they can afford fixed costs in their lives (such as mortgage payments) but Sherlock expects the overwhelming majority of their pay to come from incentive compensation during times of positive performance.

For each protocol covered by Sherlock, 10-20% of the insurance fees will be redirected to the security team responsible for that protocol (as opposed to the staker pool). These fees will be “in escrow” for a certain amount of time, as dictated by a tranched vesting schedule. If no hacks occur on the relevant protocol during a specified vesting period, then the fees are released to the security team as incentive compensation.

There is some nuance when a hack occurs during a vesting period: the pricing of the protocol’s insurance matters. If a security expert or team prices a specific protocol at 2%, there is an implied “acceptable” hack amount baked in to that 2%. If the value of the hack comes in below that implied “acceptable” amount, then the security team will still have claim to virtually all of the money in their active tranches. If the hack comes in above the value implied in the 2% pricing, then the slashing of the tranches can be very severe, to the point where every active tranche for that protocol can be drained in a scenario where the hack comes in much, much higher than the implied “acceptable” amount.

#### Who would want to sign up for the security team?
Being a part of the Sherlock security team is not for everyone. If someone has a very low risk tolerance for the variability of their compensation, this role may not be right for them. However, Sherlock is betting that there is a meaningful subset of the security community that is looking for a role exactly like this. Instead of having passive participation in preventing hacks, Sherlock security analysts become wholly responsible for the security of one or many important DeFi protocols, and the hundreds of millions or billions of dollars locked in those protocols. The security expert (and their team) have full responsibility for the security of a protocol. And of course, they have a massive interest in the outcome.

If a Sherlock security analyst decides to take on a $1Bn pool, they will likely have $2M-$4M of compensation paid out and/or at stake after just one year (10-20% of a 2% annual insurance premium on a $1Bn pool). If they keep the protocol safe during those vesting periods, that $2M-$4M accrues directly to them (and their team, if any). Aside from being a black-hat hacker, there is no other opportunity in the security landscape that compares to the potential earnings of a Sherlock security expert.
