A staker will not be able to unstake immediately. This is because it will take Sherlock time to recognize, diagnose and pay out a hack. A staker could easily withdraw their stake during this time as soon as they hear about the hack. Because of this dynamic, we need a cooldown on unstaking. Right now we are implementing a 7-day cooldown. So if a staker wants to unstake, they start by activating the cooldown. This will start a 7-day timer in which a staker’s funds no longer earn interest (even though they are still exposed to hacks during this time). To implement this, we literally transfer the staker’s lockTokens to our contract and earned interest goes to the “first money out” pool instead of the staker. After the 7-day cooldown expires, a staker will have a 2-day window to unstake. The same dynamic of being exposed to hacks but not receiving interest will apply for those 2 days. If a staker does not withdraw in that 2-day period then the lockTokens are transferred back to the user and the  cooldown is effectively reset (back to 7 days in this example).

#### Why doesn’t a staker get paid interest during the cooldown even though their funds are at risk?
There are two forces at work here:

1. We need a penalty for activating the cooldown, otherwise it would make sense to repeatedly activate the cooldown (every 9 days in this example) to try to “game” the system and time your unstaking to avoid future hacks.
2. From an implementation perspective, not paying interest during this period creates the simplest Solidity code (as opposed to solutions that include paying out interest during the cooldown).
